Elemental Hearts is a mod which adds a ton of new consumable items which increase your health (Like life crystals). They are based on all of the basic elements, (blocks, ores, etc.). This mod is VERY BALANCED.

As with all of my mods, I prefer quality of quantity. This mod is a great addition to any modded playthrough, which adds a use for all of your leftover/extra blocks and ores.
This mod spreads with progression, so that you can never become too powerful.

We have mod support with Calamity, Thorium, ElementsAwoken, Fargosouls, Laugicality, and Consolaria. 
We also have a list to see which hearts you have made / not! Change the key in the config!

A wiki is in development.

Github Repo: https://github.com/SuperBrainBro/ElementalHearts

Mod By:
Vincent Jenei (Lite#4249)
Fox
AppleInTheSky

We also have a discord server, so I will make the invite as the "homepage". Hop on in, chat, and even contibute to the mod.

Bottom line is, I need feedback. Please join the discord to help out with this mod and make the mod grow, thanks!

Change-Log:
0.7.30.4
	Added Zenith Heart.
	Added all event boss hearts (vanilla only at the moment).
	Added Enchanted Heart that obtainable from shrines.
	Added Cloud and Sunplate Hearts craftable from Clouds either Sunplates.
0.7.30.3
	Adjusted some recipes.
	Adjusted the description.
0.7.30.2
	Fixed the bug where you wouldnt be able to create a character.
0.7.30 (Spring Cleaning (Not the full rewrite, but as much cleaning as I can get in))
	Removed Elemental Hearts UI. (Never worked, and you can use the recipe browser)
	Removed Menacing Dye.
	Fixed all Menacing Tools.
	Added recomendation to config.
	Removed dev weapons and hearts.
	Dev wings are only vanity now.
	Removed some stuff from the Life Crystal mini biomes.
	Removed Global Suppressions. (file for development purposes)
	Removed the duplicate Mod Player and added that stuff to the original mod player. (code optimizations)
	^This fixes the error when using Calamity, "The type "ElementalHeartsPlayer" already contains definition for "CharredLife". (was a big problem in the discord)
	Removed some Legacy code. (This might cause problems for people using pre 0.9 version worlds, but it helps clean up code).
	Removed the reference needed for WebmilioComons, along with any functionality we added with it like achievements. This will fix a lot of problems.
	Removed some alt icons, and created a NEW icon (Looks pretty sick!).
	Removed crystal walls, they were unobtainable.
	Removed the old music I made 2 years ago for menacing heart, reducing file size.
	Menacing statue is no longer found in random world gen... BECAUSE IF YOU STEP ON A PRESSURE PLATE HE WOULD SPAWN! 
	Menacing statue now costs life ore to craft.
	Rewrote the boss bag code.
	^ AppleInTheSky's dev wings are now obtainable from treasure bags. (Rip AppleInTheSky :( )
	Fixed a lot of boss hearts not registering on load
	Rewrote the empty heart.
	Deleted a few duplicate hearts.
	Fixed the directory of the ancient life equipment.
	Ancient Life Pick is now actually craftable.

0.7.20 (Versions messed up because of April Fools, but would be equivelent to 0.3.2)
	Removed Rainbow Menacing Lunar Ancient Fleshy Celestial Royal Wormy Volatile Fishark with Googly Eyes and Brains of the Hives and Plants Idol Iron Heart with Solar Power MK2 +
	Changed recipe from 100k of materials to 100
	Added Menacing Heart, removed Menacing heart 2.0 which is immortal
	All hearts add more hp to make it more balaanced
	Combine all hearts to get 1 nothing!
	The mega heart does not exist anymore. 
	In order to balance this, we have removed eternal menacing suffering debuf which damages that player for all of eternity, or until he reinstalls terraria or drinks milk.
0.6.9 (April Fools)
	Added Rainbow Menacing Lunar Ancient Fleshy Celestial Royal Wormy Volatile Fishark with Googly Eyes and Brains of the Hives and Plants Idol Iron Heart with Solar Power MK2 +
	Changed recipe from 100 of materials to 100k
	Removed Menacing Heart, replaced with Menacing heart 2.0 which is immortal
	All hearts add +1 hp to make it more balaanced
	Combine all hearts to get 1 NEW Item... MEGA HEART!
	The mega heart gives you + 2 hp. 
	In order to balance this, we have added eternal menacing suffering debuf which damages that player for all of eternity, or until he reinstalls terraria or drinks milk
0.3.10
	 Added the Cursed Flame Heart, a heart made from Cursed Flame. It permanately increases life by 5.
	 Added the Ichor Heart, a heart made from Ichor. It permanately increases life by 5.
	 New Boss Hearts:
	  Consolaria:
	   +Easter Heart
	   +Heart o' Plenty
	   +Cursed Heart
	  Fargo's Mod:
	   +Sparkling Heart
	   +Abominable Heart
	   +Phantasmal Heart
	  Element's Awoken:
	   +Venom Heart
	   +Inferno Heart
	   +Scourge Heart
	   +Heart of Hope
	   +Sacred Heart
	   +Heart of the Frost
	   +Aqueous' Heart
	   +Drakonian Heart
	   +Fiery Heart
	   +Charred Heart
	   +Heart of Despair
	   +Heart of the Infection
	   +Crystalline Locket
0.3.00
	 NEW BIOME:
	  Ancient Life Biome.
	   +Ancient Life ORE
	   +Ancient Life Shards
	   +Varied items / equipment based on the new biome.
	 New Boss Hearts:
	  Vanilla:
	   +Dark Heart
	   +Volatile Heart
	   +Snot Heart
	   +Plant Heart
	   +Lihzhardian Heart
	   +Truffle Heart
	   +Soaring Heart
	  Thorium Mod:
	   +Zephyr's Heart
	   +Sea Breeze Heart
	   +Vampire's Heart
	   +Heart of the Storm
	   +Champion's Heart
	   +Omega Heart
	   +Ice Bound Strider Heart
	   +Fallen Heart
	   +Lich's Heart
	   +Abyssal Heart
	   +Dormant Heart
	  Calamity Mod:
	   +List too huge.
	 UPDATED BOSS AI:
	  Shockwave effect!
	  Adjusted Menacing Heart's life regen.
	 Menacing Dye
	 Misc:
	  Menacing Heart (boss heart) won't anymore drop from Menacing Heart in non-expert world.
0.2.14
	 Fixed Apple's wings and now his wings are like how he wanted them.
	 
0.2.13
	 Slightly increased Menacing Heart's HP to: 17000 (from 16000)
	 Slightly reduced Menacing Heart's defence to: 7 (from 9)
	 Increased Menacing Heart's coin drops to: 1-2 platinum (from 50 gold).
0.2.12
	 Fixed bug with Catastrophic Edge.
	 Fixed 'bug' wit Heart Emptier.
	 Added 'Autoload' to cross-mod hearts.
	 Added Menacing Heart trophy.
	 Added the Soul of Flight, Light and Night Hearts, a hearts made from Soul of Flight, Light or Night. They permanately increases life by 4.
	 Added the Soul of Fright, Might and Sight Hearts, a hearts made from Soul of Fright, Might or Sight. They permanately increases life by 5.
	 Added the Soul of Blight Heart, a heart made from Soul of Blight. It permanately increases life by 5. (Cross-Mod)
	 Added the Ectoplasm Heart, a heart made from Ectoplasm. It permanately increases life by 7.
	 Added the Heart of the Hives, a consumable version of the Queen Bee. It permanately increases life by 10.
	 Added the Plant Heart, a consumable version of the Plantera. It permanately increases life by 10.
	 Added the Lihzhardian Heart, a consumable version of the Golem. It permanately increases life by 10.
	 Added the Ancient Heart, a consumable version of the Lunatic Cultist. It permanately increases life by 10.
	 Added the Celestial Heart, a consumable version of the Moon Lord It permanately increases life by 10.
	 Added the EvenFlame Wings, a dev wings of AppleInTheSky.
	 Fixed bug with Target Dummies and Menacing Life Staff/Blade.
	 Renamed a lot CAT stuff into Starbreaker stuff.
	 Added second variation of FOX mask.
0.2.11
	 Added the Royal Slime Heart, a consumable version of the King Slime. It permanately increases life by 5.
	 Added the Eye Heart, a consumable version of the Eye of Cthulhu. It permanately increases life by 5.
	 Added the Bone Heart, a consumable version of the Skeletron. It permanately increases life by 5.
	 Fixed the Menacing Heart loot table. (boss checklist support fixes)
0.2.10
	 Fixed and upgraded the Menacing Heart Keeper weapon. It is now accompanied by homing heart shaped projectiles once out of every 2 arrows.
	 Added the Menacing Heart, a consumable version of the Menacing Heart Boss. It permanately increases life by 5.
	 Fixed the Menacing Heart loot table.
0.2.9
	 Fixed Menacing Heart drop, same for treasure bag.
	 Fixed Menacing Heart Keeper animation.
0.2.8
	 A new weapon: Menacing Life Blade, a sword which drops from the Menacing Heart boss.
	 A new weapon: Menacing Heart Keeper, a bow which drops from the Menacing Heart boss.
0.2.7
	 Some more work on ui (which I hate doing lmao)
	 Slightly nerfed Menacing Heart's damage.
	 Essentially REWROTE the Boss's AI, in order to add a particle that appears to where Menacing Heart will spawn next.
0.2.6
	 Added over 20 new Calamity hearts!
	 Some more UI work.
0.2.5
	 Added over 20 new hearts based on the Thorium mod!
	 Rainbow heart is now correct rarity.
	 Some more UI progress.
	 Fixed the boss statue recipe.
0.2.4
	 UI is now more transparent.
	 Fixed the glass heart not adding to the corresponding material.
	 Boss statue now also takes 25 wires, so that you can't accidentally make the spawner without a way to spawn it it.
	 Removed Missile Lite (an uncompleted dev weapon which I kinda gave up on)
0.2.3
	 LOTS OF PROGRESS WITH THE NEW HEART LIST UI! You can have a preview ingame by pressing the default key H.
	 Added compatability with the boss checklist.
	 Nerfed the menacing life staff a bit.
	 Refined the boss a bit, fixed his projectile's dust.
	 The boss now PROPERLY despawns.	 
0.2.2
	 New weapon: Menacing Life Staff: Casts heart shaped projectiles that suck life from anything it touches. 
	 Boss now has sounds when he changes phases.
	 Boss now emits red light.
	 MASSIVELY BUFFED the boss, now most attacks do twice the amount of damage.
	 Crimstone hearts can now only be used the right amount of time.
	 Fixed the empty heart item, it now clears ALL the heart's stats, and also doesn't crash on use anymore.
0.2.1
	 Boss now available also for Crimson worlds
0.2
	 The boss is officially released!
	 You can craft his spawner with 5 life crystals, 100 stone, and 25 vile powder at a demon altar.
	 Have fun with the new boss! (He currently drops nothing in normal mode, I will create some stuff for him.)
	 Aside from the boss, we also STARTED calamity and thorium development. This includes the new hearts for both the mods :)
0.1.4
	 The boss is now able to be spawned with the Menacing Statue.
	 The statue is currently not able to be crafted atm.
	 Added the Menacing Looking Pendant, an expert drop that increases max hp by 25 and life regen by 5.
0.1.3.1
	 Small change, made the dev sets only obtainable in hardmode!
0.1.3
	 LOTS OF BOSS AI PROGRESS!! I would say, the boss ai is done! Next update will (probably) add in the spawner and a few drops from the boss.
	 I will also release a video of the boss (preferable no-hit if im able to)!
0.1.2
	 Changed boss music type to mp3, hopefully fixes an error.
	 MAJOR boss AI progress, boss is almost ready to go in next update!
0.1.1
	 Added a few bits of optimization to the boss's code, but no big differences to the boss's AI.
0.1.0.1
	 Added Github Authorization for an icon and music.
0.1:
	 This is the first release of the mod. Added in 87 different heart containers. This mod has been in development for over a few months before this release, because first impressions matter.
	 In the past 2 days, (as Im writing this) I have been going through each and every item to check and make sure everything works.
	 The pre-hardmode boss's (Menacing Heart) AI has not been finished, and therefore is unspawnable without cheats. I intend the boss to be available in the next update.